# InfoMINDS

Intending to be more and more data-driven, companies are leveraging data science upon big data initiatives. However, to reach a better cost-benefit, it is important for companies to understand all aspects involved in such initiatives. InfoMINDS is a framework that allows professionals to accurately describe data science upon big data. The framework relates people, processes and technologies.

InfoMINDS framework is a conceptual framework designed to create common ground so that data science initiatives upon big data can be fully understood by professionals from any area of knowledge. It has twenty-five processes grouped into five dimensions and contributes to leveraging data science initiatives upon big data. It can be considered as a foundation upon which companies can build policies, standards, rules, procedures, methodologies or any other artifact, in order to leverage data science. It also may help professionals to draw parallels between data science results for a different domain to their own domain.

InfoMINDS is based on OntoDIVE ontology and inherits its limitations. Besides that, InfoMINDS was conceived as a conceptual framework. Assuming that different researchers may approach a single phenomenon using different perspectives, it is possible that they might end up with different conceptual frameworks as final result. Another limitation is the fact InfoMINDS was applied in data science initiatives of a single mining company. Future works could apply InfoMINDS on more real-case scenarios to collect insights and thoughts of more people.
